readme.md, before:

# awesome-decentralized-communities[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

> A list of awesome decentralized hackathons that are NOT tied to a specific blockchain.

## Conferences

- [BCRA](https://conf.researchr.org/home/bcra-2024) : Discusses advanced
  applications, technologies, and theories in blockchain research.
- [Blockchain Expo World](https://blockchainexpoworld.com/en/) : International
  blockchain fair.
- [Consensus](https://consensus2024.coindesk.com/) : Consensus is the world’s a
  large gathering focused on crypto and blockchain.
- [DICE](https://diceurope.org/) : Intent to foster collaboration and work
  together on the adoption of a dignified digital identity between governments,
  citizens, and companies across Europe.
- [Decentralized Web Summit](https://indieweb.org/Decentralized_Web_Summit) :
  The Summit & meetup is a two-day event for high level discussions among
  leaders from around the globe working on decentralized technologies.
- [European Identity and Cloud Conference
2024](https://www.kuppingercole.com/events/eic2024) : Europe’s Place to Be for
the Digital ID Multiverse
- [Identity Week Amsterdam](https://www.terrapinn.com/exhibition/identity-week/index.stm) :  Conference and exhibition bringing together the brightest minds in the identity sector to promote innovation, new thinking, and more effective identity solutions.
- [IEEE DAPPS](https://ieeedapps.com/) : Facilitate the exchange between
  researchers and practitioners in the area of Decentralized Applications
  (dApps) based on Distributed Ledger Technologies, Blockchains and related
  technologies
- [International Congress on Blockchain and
  Applications](https://www.blockchain-congress.net/) : This annual congress
  will bring together researchers and practitioners of blockchain and other
  distributed ledger technologies (DLT), who will share ideas, projects,
  lectures, and advances associated with those technologies and their
  application domains.
- [International Workshop on Emerging Digital Identities](https://www.ares-conference.eu) : The International Conference on Availability, Reliability and Security.
- [Penn Blockchain Conference](https://www.pennblockchain.com/) : Seeks to
  bridge the gap between academia and industry in the pursuit of building and
  using decentralized systems
- [Nonprofit Software Development Summit](https://aspirationtech.org/events/devsummit24) : Community that comes together from around the world to share knowledge, build relationships, and collectively envision the future of free, open and equitable digital tools and practices to support social change. ( Annual ~November)

## Hackathons

- [Blockchain Summer Institute
  Blockathon](https://blockchain.ubc.ca/blockchain-summer-institute-blockathon-2023) :
  Theme based hackathons hosted by UBC
- [Decentralized Identity Foundation](https://difhackathon.devpost.com/) :
  Hackathon hosted by the Decentralized Identity Foundation.
- [Developer Week](https://developerweek-2024-hackathon.devpost.com/) : One of
  USA's largest challenge-driven in-person and online hackathon
- [DappAthon](https://dapp-a-thon.devpost.com/) : Two week online hack to create
  dApps or migrate your existing apps by adding components of Web3 and
  empowering it with Web3 Infrastructure
- [Digitizing Africa 2024 Hackathon](https://africadigitrans.com/hackathon/) :
  Design inclusive and accessible financial services, promote financial
  literacy, and address challenges in traditional financial models.
- [SF Hacks 2024](https://sfhacks.io/) : Hack in SF with this hackathon.
  Different themes every year.
- [WildHacks](https://www.wildhacks.net/) : Northwestern's largest hackathon,
  WildHacks is an opportunity for students to learn programming skills and
  develop a final project in a collaborative and inclusive environment
- [WiNGHacks](https://www.winghacks.com/) : University of Florida (UF)'s
  hackathon specifically created to uplift Women, Non-binary and
  Gender-nonconforming students in their technology journey.

## Programs/Grants

- [Summer of Protocols](https://summerofprotocols.com/) : Runs a number of
  programs and grant cohorts.
- [UBC Blockchain Program](https://blockchain.ubc.ca/) : multidisciplinary
  research cluster focusing on blockchain technology as a central component in
  investigating the broader research question “How can emerging technologies be
  leveraged to benefit Canadians and the world?”
- [Digital Infrastructure Insights Fund RFP](https://fordfoundation.forms.fm/2024-digital-infrastructure-insights-fund-rfp/forms/9861) : The funders circle sustains a platform for academics and practitioners to better understand how open digital infrastructure is built and deployed. 
- [SovereignTechFund](https://www.sovereigntechfund.de/) : The Sovereign Tech Fund supports the development, improvement, and maintenance of open digital infrastructure.
- [NSF 24-606: Pathways to Enable Open-Source Ecosystems](https://new.nsf.gov/funding/opportunities/pose-pathways-enable-open-source-ecosystems/nsf24-606/solicitation): The Pathways to Enable Open-Source Ecosystems (POSE) program aims to harness the power of open-source development for the creation of new technology solutions to problems of national and societal importance.
- [Canada-UK Collaborative R&D  - Innovation Funding Service](https://apply-for-innovation-funding.service.gov.uk/competition/2049/overview/f0266280-f308-42a4-b331-bf1558fd6d19): UK registered organisations can apply for a share of up to £3 million for collaboration with Canadian SMEs on joint R&D projects. (November 4, 2024 - Wednesday 16 April 2025)
  
## Venture 

- [Brinc](https://www.brinc.io/) : Brinc is a venture accelerator firm founded
  in Hong Kong in 2014. Brinc has offices in Hong Kong, Bahrain, Dubai, and
  India.

## Workshops

- [TPAC](https://www.w3.org/news-events/w3c-tpac/) : The W3C annual conference aims to coordinate solutions to technical issues by gathering in a single event several meetings between the W3C Members and Boards, W3C Working and Interest Groups, as well as a series of breakout sessions determined by the attendees.
- [Internet Identity Workshop](https://internetidentityworkshop.com/) :
  Unconference around user centric identity located in North America.
- [DID UnConf: Africa](https://didunconf.africa/) : DID:UNCONF AFRICA brings together local and international innovators, leaders, and activists to reshape the future of digital identity in the SADC region.
- [DWeb Camp](https://dwebcamp.org/) : Camp in the nature and discuss
  decentralized web projects for a week. 
- [Blockchain Technology Symposium](https://bts23.encs.concordia.ca/) : A forum
  where academic researchers, industry professionals, and decision makers come
  together to present recent advancements, discuss adoption barriers, tackle
  common challenges, and explore future roadmaps surrounding blockchain and its
  related technologies such as consensus algorithms, smart contracts,
  cryptocurrencies, and distributed ledger technologies.
- [RWOT](https://www.weboftrust.info) : Rebooting the Web of Trust (RWOT) is a unique event that brings together professionals,
  researchers, and enthusiasts to collaborate on decentralized identity and trust solutions. Their goal is to support our community
  in generating and developing ideas that allow us to better remain in control of our assets, our accounts, and ourselves online!
- [DICE](https://diceurope.org/) : Europe's version of IIW. 
- [DID-based Cross-Border Identity Summit](https://www.eventbrite.hk/e/did-based-cross-border-identity-summit-hong-kong-tickets-1064080887579): Exploration of cross-border zero-PII KYC use cases.

## Contribute

Contributions welcome! Read the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) first.

Commit message:

added a few conferences read from https://newsletter.identosphere.net/p/identosphere-210-iiw-xxxix-is-a-wrap

readme.md, after:

# awesome-decentralized-communities[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

> A list of awesome decentralized hackathons that are NOT tied to a specific blockchain.

## Conferences

- [BCRA](https://conf.researchr.org/home/bcra-2024) : Discusses advanced
  applications, technologies, and theories in blockchain research.
- [Blockchain Expo World](https://blockchainexpoworld.com/en/) : International
  blockchain fair.
- [Consensus](https://consensus2024.coindesk.com/) : Consensus is the world’s a
  large gathering focused on crypto and blockchain.
- [DICE](https://diceurope.org/) : Intent to foster collaboration and work
  together on the adoption of a dignified digital identity between governments,
  citizens, and companies across Europe. Annual in March.
- [Decentralized Web Summit](https://indieweb.org/Decentralized_Web_Summit) :
  The Summit & meetup is a two-day event for high level discussions among
  leaders from around the globe working on decentralized technologies.
- [European Identity and Cloud Conference
2024](https://www.kuppingercole.com/events/eic2024) : Europe’s Place to Be for
the Digital ID Multiverse
- [Identity Week Amsterdam](https://www.terrapinn.com/exhibition/identity-week/index.stm) :  Conference and exhibition bringing together the brightest minds in the identity sector to promote innovation, new thinking, and more effective identity solutions.
- [IEEE DAPPS](https://ieeedapps.com/) : Facilitate the exchange between
  researchers and practitioners in the area of Decentralized Applications
  (dApps) based on Distributed Ledger Technologies, Blockchains and related
  technologies
- [International Congress on Blockchain and
  Applications](https://www.blockchain-congress.net/) : This annual congress
  will bring together researchers and practitioners of blockchain and other
  distributed ledger technologies (DLT), who will share ideas, projects,
  lectures, and advances associated with those technologies and their
  application domains.
- [International Workshop on Emerging Digital Identities](https://www.ares-conference.eu) : The International Conference on Availability, Reliability and Security.
- [Penn Blockchain Conference](https://www.pennblockchain.com/) : Seeks to
  bridge the gap between academia and industry in the pursuit of building and
  using decentralized systems
- [Nonprofit Software Development Summit](https://aspirationtech.org/events/devsummit24) : Community that comes together from around the world to share knowledge, build relationships, and collectively envision the future of free, open and equitable digital tools and practices to support social change. ( Annual ~November)
- [Future Identity Festival](https://thefutureidentity.com/events/europe/fid-festival/) : Dedicated community of identity, security, and customer experience innovators from financial services, retail, healthcare, government, information technology and other key sectors. Annual in November.
- [Hybrid Identity Protection Conference (HIP Conf)](https://www.hipconf.com/) : A global events series focused on helping organizations meet the identity and access management challenges that arise in today’s fast-moving business environment. Annual. Mid November. Orleans. 
- [Trusted economy forum commonsign 2024](https://trustedeconomyforum.com/en/tef-cs-2024/) : November. Warsaw. The well-known conference brands, Trusted Economy Forum and CommonSign, are joining forces to create a one-of-a-kind event focused on the digital market in Poland and Europe.
- [DID:UNCONF AFRICA](https://didunconf.africa/) : DID:UNCONF AFRICA brings together local and international innovators, leaders, and activists to shape the future of digital identity in the SADC region. This event fosters innovation, collaboration, and interoperability, making a significant impact on the inclusive development of digital identity in Africa. Annual in February.

## Hackathons

- [Blockchain Summer Institute
  Blockathon](https://blockchain.ubc.ca/blockchain-summer-institute-blockathon-2023) :
  Theme based hackathons hosted by UBC
- [Decentralized Identity Foundation](https://difhackathon.devpost.com/) :
  Hackathon hosted by the Decentralized Identity Foundation.
- [Developer Week](https://developerweek-2024-hackathon.devpost.com/) : One of
  USA's largest challenge-driven in-person and online hackathon
- [DappAthon](https://dapp-a-thon.devpost.com/) : Two week online hack to create
  dApps or migrate your existing apps by adding components of Web3 and
  empowering it with Web3 Infrastructure
- [Digitizing Africa 2024 Hackathon](https://africadigitrans.com/hackathon/) :
  Design inclusive and accessible financial services, promote financial
  literacy, and address challenges in traditional financial models.
- [SF Hacks 2024](https://sfhacks.io/) : Hack in SF with this hackathon.
  Different themes every year.
- [WildHacks](https://www.wildhacks.net/) : Northwestern's largest hackathon,
  WildHacks is an opportunity for students to learn programming skills and
  develop a final project in a collaborative and inclusive environment
- [WiNGHacks](https://www.winghacks.com/) : University of Florida (UF)'s
  hackathon specifically created to uplift Women, Non-binary and
  Gender-nonconforming students in their technology journey.

## Programs/Grants

- [Summer of Protocols](https://summerofprotocols.com/) : Runs a number of
  programs and grant cohorts.
- [UBC Blockchain Program](https://blockchain.ubc.ca/) : multidisciplinary
  research cluster focusing on blockchain technology as a central component in
  investigating the broader research question “How can emerging technologies be
  leveraged to benefit Canadians and the world?”
- [Digital Infrastructure Insights Fund RFP](https://fordfoundation.forms.fm/2024-digital-infrastructure-insights-fund-rfp/forms/9861) : The funders circle sustains a platform for academics and practitioners to better understand how open digital infrastructure is built and deployed. 
- [SovereignTechFund](https://www.sovereigntechfund.de/) : The Sovereign Tech Fund supports the development, improvement, and maintenance of open digital infrastructure.
- [NSF 24-606: Pathways to Enable Open-Source Ecosystems](https://new.nsf.gov/funding/opportunities/pose-pathways-enable-open-source-ecosystems/nsf24-606/solicitation): The Pathways to Enable Open-Source Ecosystems (POSE) program aims to harness the power of open-source development for the creation of new technology solutions to problems of national and societal importance.
- [Canada-UK Collaborative R&D  - Innovation Funding Service](https://apply-for-innovation-funding.service.gov.uk/competition/2049/overview/f0266280-f308-42a4-b331-bf1558fd6d19): UK registered organisations can apply for a share of up to £3 million for collaboration with Canadian SMEs on joint R&D projects. (November 4, 2024 - Wednesday 16 April 2025)
  
## Venture 

- [Brinc](https://www.brinc.io/) : Brinc is a venture accelerator firm founded
  in Hong Kong in 2014. Brinc has offices in Hong Kong, Bahrain, Dubai, and
  India.

## Workshops

- [TPAC](https://www.w3.org/news-events/w3c-tpac/) : The W3C annual conference aims to coordinate solutions to technical issues by gathering in a single event several meetings between the W3C Members and Boards, W3C Working and Interest Groups, as well as a series of breakout sessions determined by the attendees.
- [Internet Identity Workshop](https://internetidentityworkshop.com/) :
  Unconference around user centric identity located in North America.
- [DID UnConf: Africa](https://didunconf.africa/) : DID:UNCONF AFRICA brings together local and international innovators, leaders, and activists to reshape the future of digital identity in the SADC region.
- [DWeb Camp](https://dwebcamp.org/) : Camp in the nature and discuss
  decentralized web projects for a week. 
- [Blockchain Technology Symposium](https://bts23.encs.concordia.ca/) : A forum
  where academic researchers, industry professionals, and decision makers come
  together to present recent advancements, discuss adoption barriers, tackle
  common challenges, and explore future roadmaps surrounding blockchain and its
  related technologies such as consensus algorithms, smart contracts,
  cryptocurrencies, and distributed ledger technologies.
- [RWOT](https://www.weboftrust.info) : Rebooting the Web of Trust (RWOT) is a unique event that brings together professionals,
  researchers, and enthusiasts to collaborate on decentralized identity and trust solutions. Their goal is to support our community
  in generating and developing ideas that allow us to better remain in control of our assets, our accounts, and ourselves online!
- [DICE](https://diceurope.org/) : Europe's version of IIW. 
- [DID-based Cross-Border Identity Summit](https://www.eventbrite.hk/e/did-based-cross-border-identity-summit-hong-kong-tickets-1064080887579): Exploration of cross-border zero-PII KYC use cases.

## Contribute

Contributions welcome! Read the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) first.
